I'm already here to do the count
regression with you to the
program debut arrives more on the network
TV
it opens March 1st at 6:00 p.m.
mid afternoon in the redetv and rotate like this
a break from what will happen in the program
I'm going to make three quick hairstyles for
You here today, tomorrow, and then Sunday.
then the program will soon go to the
first a elastic hairstyle make a
Ponytail
case hair for 30 rock with one piece
of hair persistence
beginning with the existence of fish and
for the hair in two equal parts
take your external one passes to the other
part and do the same on the other side
do this even the clothes
a clipboard appears more natural and
I still do not think it looks good and there
have signed up for the channel and
there's more tomorrow